Abai Kazakh National Pedagogical University
Adilet Law Academy
Ahmet Yassawi University
Akmeshit Humanities and Technical Institute
Akmola State Medical Academy
Al-Farabi Kazakh National University
Almaty Academy of Economics and Statistics
Almaty Management University
Almaty Technological University
Almaty University of Power Engineering and Telecommunications
Atyrau Institute of Oil and Gas
Atyrau University
Astana IT University (AITU)
Astana Medical University
Arkalyk Pedagogical Institute I Altynsarin
Central Asian University
Central Kazakhstan Academy
Caspian State University of Technology and Engineering (Sh. Yesenov)
De Montfort University Kazakhstan
D. Serikbayev East Kazakhstan Technical University
East Kazakhstan Regional University
East Kazakhstan State University (S. Amanzholov)
German-Kazakh University
Innovative University of Eurasia
International Information Technology University
Jambyl Hydromelioration and Construction Institute
Jambyl of Humanities and Technique
JSC Financial Academy
K. Zhubanov Aktobe Regional State University
Kainar University
Karagandy State University
Karaganda Economic University
Karaganda State Medical University
Karaganda State Technical University
Kazakh Academy of Labour and Social Relations
Kazakh Academy of Sports & Tourism
Kazakh Ablai Khan University of International Relations and World Languages
Kazakh American Free University
Kazakh American University
Kazakh Automobile Road Institute
Kazakh British Technical University
Kazakh Leading Academy of Architecture and Civil Engineering
Kazakh National Agrarian University
Kazakh National Academy of Arts
Kazakh National Academy of Music
Kazakh National Conservatory
Kazakh National Medical University
Kazakh National University of the Arts (Shabyt)
Kazakh National Pedagogical University (Abai)
Kazakh Russian International University
Kazakh Russian Medical University
Kazakh University of Economics, Finance and International Trade
Kazakh University of Foreign Languages & Business Career
Kazakh University of Technology and Business
Kazakh-British Technical University
Kazakhs State Women Pedagogical University
Kazakhs University of Humanities and Law
Kazakhs University of Railway Transport
Kelebek North Kazakhstan State University
Kokshetau State University named after Shokan Ualikhanov
Kokshetau University Abai Myrzakhmetov
Kostanay Engineering and Economics University Myrzhakyp Dulatov
Kostanay Socio Technical University
Kostanay State Pedagogical Institute
Kostanay State University A. Baitursynov
Korkyt Ata Kyzylorda State University
L. N. Gumilev Eurasian National University
M. Kozybaev North Kazakhstan University
M. Ospanov West Kazakhstan State Medical Academy
M. Saparbayev South Kazakhstan Humanitarian Institute
Maksut Narikbaev University (KAZGUU)
Narxoz University
North Kazakhstan State University
O.A. Baikonurov Zhezkazgan University
Pavlodar State Pedagogical Institute
Pavlodar State University S. Toraigyrov
Rudniy Industrial Institute
Satbayev Kazakh National Technical University
Semey State Medical Academy
Semey State Pedagogical Institute
Shymkent University
South Kazakhstan State Medical Academy
S. Seifullin Kazakh Agrotechnical University
Taraz State Pedagogical Institute
Taraz State University M.H. Dulati
Turan University
University of Central Asia
University of International Business
West Kazakhstan Agricultural & Technical University (Zhangir-Khan)
West Kazakhstan Humanitarian Academy
West Kazakhstan State University
Yessenov University
